Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; \n  and Im not sure about the universe.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is \n  a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. \n  Imagination is more important than knowledge. Knowledge is limited. \n  Imagination encircles the world.
If you cant explain it to a six year old, you dont understand it yourself.
Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.
If you want your children to be intelligent, read them fairy tales. If you \n  want them to be more intelligent, read them more fairy tales.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a \n  tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.
Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
Coincidence is Gods way of remaining anonymous.
When you are courting a nice girl an hour seems like a second. When you sit \n  on a red-hot cinder a second seems like an hour. Thats relativity.
Never memorize something that you can look up.
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.
Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, \n  would it?
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.
If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an \n  empty desk a sign?
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned \n  in school.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important \n  thing is to not stop questioning.
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is \n  something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy.
The world as we have created it is a process of our thinking. It cannot be \n  changed without changing our thinking.
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV \n  will be fought with sticks and stones.
You never fail until you stop trying.
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious - the fundamental \n  emotion which stands at the cradle of true art and true science.
Creativity is intelligence having fun.
It is not that Im so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
The best way to cheer yourself is to cheer somebody else up.
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.
Everything must be made as simple as possible. But not simpler.
What is right is not always popular and what is popular is not always right.
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with \n  important matters.
Men marry women with the hope they will never change. Women marry men with \n  the hope they will change. Invariably they are both disappointed.
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding.
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of lifes coming attractions.
If the facts dont fit the theory, change the facts.
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own \n  reason for existing.
I must be willing to give up what I am in order to become what I will be.
It would be possible to describe everything scientifically, but it would \n  make no sense; it would be without meaning, as if you described a Beethoven \n  symphony as a variation of wave pressure.
Time is an illusion.
Blind belief in authority is the greatest enemy of truth.
Id rather be an optimist and a fool than a pessimist and right.
Genius is 1 percent talent and 99 percent hard work....
Nothing happens until something moves.
We all know that light travels faster than sound. Thats why certain \n  people appear bright until you hear them speak.
I never made one of my discoveries through the process of rational thinking.
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts.
A ship is always safe at the shore - but that is NOT what it is built for.
God does not play dice with the universe.
I never think of the future - it comes soon enough.
Imagination is the highest form of research.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at \n  all comprehensible.
What a sad era when it is easier to smash an atom than a prejudice.
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded \n  our humanity.
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better.
Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible.
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure \n  you mine are still greater.
Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its \n  creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too \n  little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
The hardest thing in the world to understand is the income tax.
You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war.
Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
If I had an hour to solve a problem Id spend 55 minutes thinking about \n  the problem and 5 minutes thinking about solutions.
A true genius admits that he knows nothing.
Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing. So is a lot.
The only real valuable thing is intuition.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited \n  to all we now know and understand, while imagination embraces the entire \n  world, and all there ever will be to know and understand.
The only thing that you absolutely have to know, is the location of \n  the library.
I believe in intuitions and inspirations...I sometimes FEEL that I \n  am right. I do not KNOW that I am.
I want to know Gods thoughts - the rest are mere details.
One thing I have learned in a long life: that all our science, measured \n  against reality, is primitive and childlike -- and yet it is the \n  most precious thing we have.
If at first the idea is not absurd, then there is no hope for it.
Intellectual growth should commence at birth and cease only at death.
The only thing that interferes with my learning is my education.
I fear the day technology will surpass our human interaction. The world \n  will have a generation of idiots.
Common sense is what tells us the earth is flat.
A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
The only sure way to avoid making mistakes is to have no new ideas.
Information is not knowledge.
the only escape from the miseries of life are music and cats....
In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they are not.
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play \n  better than anyone else.
A student is not a container you have to fill but a torch you have \n  to light up.
I thought of that [-The theory of relativity-] \n  while riding my bicycle.
Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish.
I never teach my pupils, I only attempt to provide the conditions in \n  which they can learn.
We can not solve our problems with the same level of thinking that \n  created them.
As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; \n  and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
Play is the highest form of research.
A foolish faith in authority is the worst enemy of truth.
The mind that opens to a new idea never returns to its original size.
What really interests me is whether God had any choice in the \n  creation of the World.
The human spirit must prevail over technology.
Learning is experience. Everything else is just information.
All generalizations are false, including this one.
Excellence is doing a common thing in an uncommon way.
The bigotry of the nonbeliever is for me nearly as funny as the \n  bigotry of the believer.
Intelligence is not the ability to store information, but to know \n  where to find it.
Older men start wars, but younger men fight them.
If you dont have time to do it right, when will you have time to \n  do it over?
You do not really understand something unless you can explain it \n  to your grandmother.
Failing isnt bad when you learn what not to do.
Setting an example is not the main means of influencing others, \n  it is the only means.
As the area of light expands, so does the perimeter of darkness.
The more I learn, the more I realize how much I dont know.
Earth is the insane asylum of the universe.
It is better to believe than to disbelieve; in doing you bring \n  everything to the realm of possibility.
Those who have the privilege to know have the duty to act.
It is every mans obligation to put back into the world at least \n  the equivalent of what he takes out of it.
I dont pretend to understand the universe, its much bigger than I am.
Failure is success in progress.
Creativity is contagious. Pass it on.
To invent something, all you need is imagination and a big pile of junk.
Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex...It takes a \n  touch of genius and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction.
The definition of genius is taking the complex and making it simple.
Just because you dont believe in something doesnt mean it isnt true.
Artificial intellegance is no match for natural stupidity.
